for our spy creatures being immersed in
the world of animals is not without its
hazards in Rajasthan the temple Langer's
have taken spy monkey into the heart of
a family but some are keen to take the
budding relationship to the next level
and are getting a little too familiar
one seems to want to babysit her but
disaster strikes an injured baby is a
cause for concern and this Langer seems
to believe she's died
then something extraordinary happened
the monkeys gather round the motionless
by creature as if it is a real baby
[Music]
they react just as they do when their
own babies die
[Music]
a common contemplatively descends on the
colony there's a sense of grief as well
as empathy for one another quite
accidentally our spy creature is at the
center of something extraordinary
capturing emotions that have rarely been
observed
[Music]
such apparent expressions of grief may
not be unique to primate
[Music]
[Applause]